Unable to find correct answer for article University_of_Notre_Dame, question Which college president of Notre Dame is credited with preventing more confrontations between students and the KKK?, answer Fr. Matthew Walsh
Unable to find correct answer for article University_of_Notre_Dame, question Which person oversaw the creation of a science hall at Notre Dame in 1883?, answer Fr. Zahm
Unable to find correct answer for article Tajikistan, question What is UNODC helping Tajikistan with to help the war on drugs?, answer strengthen border crossings, provide training, and set up joint interdiction teams. It also helped to establish Tajikistani Drug Control Agency
Unable to find correct answer for article Alfred_North_Whitehead, question What quotation of Whitehead's was noted by a student in 1927?, answer "Every scientific man in order to preserve his reputation has to say he dislikes metaphysics. What he means is he dislikes having his metaphysics criticized."
Unable to find correct answer for article Alfred_North_Whitehead, question What was the first book on environmental ethics by an individual author?, answer Is It Too Late? A Theology of Ecology
Unable to find correct answer for article Wayback_Machine, question What site was created to mitigate issues with incomplete copies of websites?, answer Archive-It.org
Unable to find correct answer for article Wayback_Machine, question What was the URL owned by Suzanne Shell?, answer profane-justice.org
Unable to find correct answer for article Cardinal_(Catholicism), question How do cardinals sign traditionally?, answer by placing the title "Cardinal" (abbreviated Card.) after their personal name and before their surname
Unable to find correct answer for article Sony_Music_Entertainment, question What did Conkling later go on to lead?, answer Warner Bros. Records
Unable to find correct answer for article Comics, question What publication is Schodt responsible for?, answer Manga! Manga! The World of Japanese Comics
Unable to find correct answer for article Estonian_language, question What two letters can be replaced with each other a lot of the time in Estonian?, answer b' & 'p
Unable to find correct answer for article Arena_Football_League, question What NFL team did Kurt Warner play for?, answer St. Louis Rams
Unable to find correct answer for article Virgil, question Which Eclogues discusses homosexual love?, answer Ecl. 2
Unable to find correct answer for article Computer, question Calculi during the Fertile Crescent refers to what?, answer (clay spheres, cones, etc.)
Unable to find correct answer for article High-definition_television, question How does the Personal Video Recorder store content?, answer in MPEG-2 format in a .ts file or in a Blu-ray compatible format .m2ts file
Unable to find correct answer for article New_Delhi, question What is the per capita income of Delhi as of 2013?, answer Rs. 230000
Unable to find correct answer for article MP3, question When does the last patent held by Sisvel expire?, answer 9. April 2017
Unable to find correct answer for article Uranium, question What will UO2 convert to over time at ambient temperatures?, answer U3O
Unable to find correct answer for article Uranium, question What is the formula for triuranium octoxide?, answer U3O8
Unable to find correct answer for article Uranium, question What is the common ionic form of U(V)?, answer UO+2
Unable to find correct answer for article Uranium, question What do uranium nitrides form when they ignite in air?, answer U3O8
Unable to find correct answer for article Uranium, question What is the formula for uranium dicarbide?, answer UC2
Unable to find correct answer for article Uranium, question What is the chemical formula for diuranium trinitride?, answer U2N3
Unable to find correct answer for article Uranium, question What is the chemical formula of uranyl?, answer UO2+2
Unable to find correct answer for article Sexual_orientation, question Did men have any arousal from non human videos containing sex?, answer x. Men did not show any sexual arousal to non-human visual stimuli
Unable to find correct answer for article Bill_%26_Melinda_Gates_Foundation, question As a result of the critics what did the company announce , answer the foundation announced in 2007 a review of its investments to assess social responsibility. It subsequently cancelled the review
Unable to find correct answer for article Memory, question Does it matter how long someone is exposed to stress to have an impact on their memory?, answer the more impact it may have. However, short term exposure to stress also causes impairment in memory by interfering with the function of the hippocampus
Unable to find correct answer for article Hellenistic_period, question I couldn't could up with another question. But i need to fill this space because I can't submit the hit. , answer dom. The resulting Indo-Scythian kingdom seems to have gradually pushed the remaining Indo-Gree
Unable to find correct answer for article Film_speed, question What is the range of Scheiner speeds?, answer from 1° Sch. to 20° Sch
Unable to find correct answer for article Professional_wrestling, question What are famous referees directed to do?, answer often scripted to dispense with the appearance of neutrality and use their influence to unfairly influence the outcome of the match for added dramatic impact. F
Unable to find correct answer for article Florida, question What did Paynes Landing promiss, answer the Seminoles lands west of the Mississippi River if they agreed to leave Florida. Many Seminole left at this time
Unable to find correct answer for article Florida, question Hours of annual sunshine in florida , answer 2,400 and 2,800 hours of sunshine annually. The rest of the state, including Miami, receives between 2,800 and 3,200 hours annually
Unable to find correct answer for article Department_store, question Who operates the wide range of department stores in these areas?, answer PT. Mitra Adiperkasa
Unable to find correct answer for article Florida, question What party dominates South Florida and Miami , answer racial minorities and white liberals. Because of this, the area has consistently voted as one of the most Democratic areas of the state
Unable to find correct answer for article Florida, question What is the make up politically of florida's fastest growing area , answer Daytona Beach, Orlando, and Tampa/St. Petersburg, has had a fairly even breakdown of Republican and Democratic voters
Unable to find correct answer for article New_Haven,_Connecticut, question What is the title of the political science book, written by a Yale professor, that explores New Haven politics and history throughout the 1950's?, answer Who Governs? Democracy and Power in An American City
Unable to find correct answer for article Myanmar, question Where groups from Burma an advantage to the Allies during WWII?, answer British Chindits were formed into long-range penetration groups trained to operate deep behind Japanese lines. A similar American unit, Merrill's Marauders
Unable to find correct answer for article Somerset, question Who layed out  Beacon Batch , answer Shepperton Studios, based on aerial photographs of the city's railway marshalling yards. The decoys were fitted with dim red lights
Unable to find correct answer for article Carnival, question What is colloquially known as Old Women Day?, answer Nürnberg. On Carnival Thursday
Unable to find correct answer for article Somerset, question What has been supplied by the county since the 1920's , answer the county has supplied aggregates. Foster Yeoman is Europe's large supplier of limestone aggregates
Unable to find correct answer for article Pope_Paul_VI, question What doicese did Montini become cardinal of?, answer Ss. Silvestro e Martino
Unable to find correct answer for article Utrecht, question How far back does evidence of inhabitation date back, answer inhabitation in the region of Utrecht, dating back to the Stone Age (app. 2200 BCE)
Unable to find correct answer for article Nonprofit_organization, question Is there an agency that decides if someone is using the domain designation incorrectly?, answer Currently, no restrictions are enforced on registration of .com or .org
Unable to find correct answer for article Utrecht, question What does Utrecht provide for cyclist , answer Utrecht has an extensive network of cycle paths, making cycling safe and popular. 33% of journeys within the city are by bicycle
Unable to find correct answer for article Utrecht, question Is Utrecht connected to the Dutch road system, answer well-connected to the Dutch road network. Two of the most important major roads serve the city of Utrecht
Unable to find correct answer for article Digimon, question Are digimon all mindless monsters?, answer Some Digimon act feral. Most, however, are capable of intelligence and human speech
Unable to find correct answer for article John_von_Neumann, question What did Jacob Bronowski think of von Neumann?, answer He was the cleverest man I ever knew, without exception. He was a genius
Unable to find correct answer for article Baptists, question Who are two representative writers?, answer A.C. Underwood and William R. Estep. Gourley
Unable to find correct answer for article FA_Cup, question What year did Lord Kinnard die? , answer Lord Kinnaird. Kinnaird died in 1923
Unable to find correct answer for article Child_labour, question Do these scholars argue for or against ending child labour?, answer These will increase abuse of the children. In poor countries with very high incidence rates of child labour
Unable to find correct answer for article Crucifixion_of_Jesus, question Where are the words found in the Gospel?, answer Lk. 23:28-31
Unable to find correct answer for article Textual_criticism, question How many years did it take to publish all three volumes of the Book of Mormon Critical Text?, answer the first volume of the 3-volume Book of Mormon Critical Text in 1984. The third volume of that first edition was published in 1987
Unable to find correct answer for article Eton_College, question What words were yelled by Librarians that required first year students to come?, answer "Boy, Up!" or "Boy, Queue!"
Unable to find correct answer for article Unicode, question How are the Thai characters ordered incorrectly? , answer Thai characters. The vowels เ, แ, โ, ใ, ไ that are written to the left of the preceding consonant are in visual order instead of phonetic order
Unable to find correct answer for article Samurai, question What are samurai usually called in Japanse?, answer bushi (武士?, [bu.ɕi]) or buke (武家?)
Unable to find correct answer for article God, question Does either outcome of the Paradox of the Stone prove the existence of God?, answer God is not omnipotent. A being that is not omnipotent, though, is not God
Unable to find correct answer for article Zinc, question What is the predominant configuration in an aqueous solutioon?, answer [Zn(H2O)6]2+
Unable to find correct answer for article Zinc, question What is fomed when volatile zinc combines with zinc chloride at at least 285 degrees Celcius?, answer Zn2Cl2
Unable to find correct answer for article Apollo, question Where did Apollo kill Python?, answer the sacred cave at Delphi. Apollo
Unable to find correct answer for article Zinc, question Which compounds are characterized with low melting points?, answer ZnCl2, ZnBr2, and ZnI2)
Unable to find correct answer for article Zinc, question Which halide has the most ionic character?, answer ZnF2
Unable to find correct answer for article Zinc, question What forms as a white precipitate in weak basic solutions containing Zn2+ ions?, answer hydroxide Zn(OH)2
Unable to find correct answer for article Zinc, question Which compound is colored?, answer chromate ZnCrO4
Unable to find correct answer for article Zinc, question What is an example of an organic zinc compound?, answer (Zn(O2CCH3)2)
Unable to find correct answer for article Seven_Years%27_War, question Why was France mad at the British-Prussian agreement?, answer France was so enraged, and terrified, by the sudden betrayal of its only ally. Austria
Unable to find correct answer for article John_Kerry, question What was Kerry supposed to say when he 'botched a joke'?, answer "... you end up getting us stuck in a war in Iraq. Just ask President Bush."
Unable to find correct answer for article Seven_Years%27_War, question Who were the parties to the treaty of Versailles?, answer Austria, particularly Kaunitz, used this situation to their utmost advantage. The now-isolated France
Unable to find correct answer for article Philadelphia, question Name a proposed project to repalce it?, answer Schuylkill Valley Metro to Wyomissing, PA, and extension of the Media/Elwyn line back to Wawa, PA. SEPTA's Airport Regional Rail Line Regional Rail
Unable to find correct answer for article Seven_Years%27_War, question How did Austrian Marshall Daun reverse the situation at Prague?, answer picked up 16,000 men who had escaped from the battle. With this army he slowly moved to relieve Prague
Unable to find correct answer for article Muammar_Gaddafi, question How did Gaddafi lose power?, answer uprising led by the National Transitional Council (NTC) broke out, resulting in the Libyan Civil War. NATO intervened militarily on the side of the NTC
Unable to find correct answer for article Seven_Years%27_War, question What political development shaped the policy of the British?, answer successive governments led by Newcastle and Pitt had fallen. In August 1757, the two men agreed to a political partnership and formed a coalition
Unable to find correct answer for article Spanish_language_in_the_United_States, question When did the Americans come to Texas?, answer A large influx of Americans soon followed, originally with the approval of Mexico's president. In 1836
Unable to find correct answer for article Seven_Years%27_War, question What development in Russia assisted Prussia?, answer Russian Empress Elizabeth died. Her Prussophile successor, Peter III, at once recalled Russian armies from Berlin
Unable to find correct answer for article Spanish_language_in_the_United_States, question How many Puerto Ricans are there?, answer At over 5 million, Puerto Ricans are easily the 2nd largest Hispanic group. Of all major Hispanic groups
Unable to find correct answer for article Spanish_language_in_the_United_States, question Does Florida have a high Hispanic population?, answer increasing the Spanish-speaking populations and in some areas being the majority of the Hispanophone population, especially in Central Florida. In Hawaii
Unable to find correct answer for article Muammar_Gaddafi, question Why did Gaddafi's family have to leave Sabha?, answer he led a demonstration protesting Syria's secession from the United Arab Republic. During this they broke windows of a local hotel accused of serving alcohol
Unable to find correct answer for article Spanish_language_in_the_United_States, question How many Salvadorans immigrated?, answer 20–30% of El Salvador's population emigrated. About 50%, or up to 500,000 of those who escaped headed to the United States
Unable to find correct answer for article Spanish_language_in_the_United_States, question When did Salvadorans flee , answer Salvadorans fled their country and came to the United States. Between 1980 and 1990
Unable to find correct answer for article Spanish_language_in_the_United_States, question What areas of America did the Venezuelans settle in?, answer mostly to Florida, but New York City and Houston are other destinations). The largest concentration of Venezuelans in the United States is in South Florida
Unable to find correct answer for article Muammar_Gaddafi, question What changes impressed Gaddafi in Egypt?, answer President Gamal Abdel Nasser. Nasser argued for Arab nationalism; the rejection of Western colonialism, neo-colonialism, and Zionism
Unable to find correct answer for article Spanish_language_in_the_United_States, question How does New Mexico's Spanish dialect differ?, answer has developed its own vocabulary. In addition, it contains many words from Nahuatl, the language spoken by the ancient Aztecs of Mexico
Unable to find correct answer for article Spanish_language_in_the_United_States, question Does New Mexico also use language from the  American language when spoken in Spanish?, answer borrowings from English. Grammatical changes include the loss of the second person verb form, changes in verb endings
Unable to find correct answer for article Spanish_language_in_the_United_States, question Was this always the case in American political addresses?, answer following the precedent set by the Bill Clinton administration. Official Spanish translations are available at WhiteHouse.gov
Unable to find correct answer for article Greeks, question What other countries boast of a Greek populace ?, answer 105,000 (disputed, sources claim higher) people, in Albania. The Greek minority of Turkey
Unable to find correct answer for article Modern_history, question Moderns support the merits of whom?, answer authors of the century of Louis XIV. Fontenelle
Unable to find correct answer for article Hyderabad, question On what date did the Indian Army take control of Hyderabad?, answer 1948. On 17 September
Unable to find correct answer for article Liberia, question When did the united states recognize the republic of Liberia's independence?, answer February 5, 1862. Between January 7, 182
Unable to find correct answer for article Premier_League, question Who broadcasts the Premier League's games in India?, answer In India, the matches are broadcast live on STAR Sports. In China
Unable to find correct answer for article Swaziland, question Where does the name Swaziland originate?, answer Mswati II. KaNgwane
Unable to find correct answer for article Kievan_Rus%27, question Who achieve the first major expansion of Kievan?, answer Kiev. Sviatoslav I
Unable to find correct answer for article Windows_8, question What programming languages does Windows Runtime work with?, answer C, C++, Visual Basic .NET, C#, along with HTML5 and JavaScript
Unable to find correct answer for article Immaculate_Conception, question What proof do some believe is offered as to proof of Mary being the ultimate concept of pure?, answer include original sin as well as actual. Thus in the first five centuries such epithets as "
Unable to find correct answer for article Immaculate_Conception, question What document made the authorization official ?, answer with a specially composed Mass and Office of the feast. With his bull Cum praeexcelsa of 28 February 1477
Unable to find correct answer for article Light-emitting_diode, question In white LEDs, what absorbs some of the blue emission?, answer Y3Al5O12:Ce (known as "YAG") phosphor
Unable to find correct answer for article Immaculate_Conception, question What else can be found in the symbol with Mary that may vary in different versions ?, answer clouds, a golden light, and cherubs. In some paintings the cherubim are holding lilies and roses, flowers often associated with Mary
Unable to find correct answer for article Party_leaders_of_the_United_States_House_of_Representatives, question If recommit fails, then what choice needs to be made by minority representatives?, answer say we did our best to come up with a better alternative. Or they could vote for it and make the same argument
Unable to find correct answer for article Qing_dynasty, question What crops were imported?, answer peanuts, sweet potatoes and maize. New species of rice
